make integer primary key compatible with oracle (#5197)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/5197.bugfix.rst

> Fixed incompatibility with Oracle, integer primary key is now a sequence and so can

Reviewer: how about sth like this:
```suggestion
Fixed the incompatibility of the `SQLTrackerStore <link to docs>`_ with Oracle by using a ``Sequence`` for the primary key columns. You do not need a migration if you are using any database but Oracle. If you are using Oracle, please create
a sequence with the following the instructions in the docs (link to new docs).
```

> Fixed incompatibility of Oracle with the :ref:`sql-tracker-store`, by using a ``Sequence``

Reviewer: does the `:ref:` thing actually work in here?

Author: yes, e.g. Rasa 1.6 to Rasa 1.7 here: https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/changelog/#improvements

Reviewer: 🙈

be used with Oracle.

> Added docs for setting up Oracle.

Reviewer: I'd even put it in a separate ``5197.doc.rst`` changelog
